= one_hundred_percent_coverage

== DESCRIPTION

Useful lil gem to ensure 100% coverage of your tests. It uses the excellent
gem "simplecov" and only works for Ruby 1.9 (I think).

When included in your specs, it will output the HTML report to the "coverage"
directory.

== INSTALL

In your Gemfile...

  gem 'one_hundred_percent_coverage', :group => :test

On the command line...

  gem install one_hundred_percent_coverage


== SYNOPSIS

In the spec helper (usually spec/spec_helper.rb), add...

  require 'one_hundred_percent_coverage'

Now tests will fail if they do not have 100% coverage.

Personally, I tend to include it in my spec_helpers conditionally, so single
test runs aren't affected. I do something like...

  require 'one_hundred_percent_coverage' if ENV['with_coverage']


== REQUIREMENTS:

* Ruby 1.9
* simplecov

== LICENSE:

Copyright (c) 2010 Stephen Hardisty

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

